feat: configure assets in asset canister (#2320)
dfinity/sdk: CHANGELOG.adoc

= UNRELEASED

> === Updated agent-rs to 0.19.0

Reviewer: Please follow the pattern used by previous versions, where changes like this go in a `Dependencies` section.

Author: forgot about adding some info about `ignore` field

= UNRELEASED

== Dependencies

=== Updated `+agent-rs+` to 0.20.0
=== Updated `+candid+` to 0.7.15

== DFX

=== feat: support for configuring assets in assets canister
- The `+.ic-assets.json+` file should be placed inside directory with assets, or it's subdirectories. Multiple config files can be used (nested in subdirectories). Example of `.ic-assets.json` file format:
[source, json]
----
[
    {
        "match": ".*",
        "cache": {
            "max_age": 20
        },
        "headers": {
            "X-Content-Type-Options": "nosniff"
        },
        "ignore": false
    },
    {
        "match": "**/*",
        "headers": null
    },
    {
        "match": "file.json",
        "ignore": true
    }
]
----

> - Configuring assets works only during asset creation.

Reviewer: Let's call out a a little more visibly that at present, changes to these fields don't take effect once the asset is created, and that we will follow up with improvements to handle updating these properties.

- `headers` from multiple applicable rules are being stacked/concatenated, unless `null` is specified, which resets/empties the headers.
- Both `"headers": {}` and absence of `headers` field don't have any effect on end result.
- Valid JSON format is required, i.e. the array of maps, `+match+` field is required. Only the following fields are accepted: `+cache+`, `+ignore+`, `+headers+`, `+match+`. The glob pattern has to be valid.
- The way matching rules work:
+
. The most deeply nested config file takes precedens over the one in parent dir. In other words, properties from a rule matching a file in a subdirectory override properties from a rule matching a file in a parent directory

> . Order of rules withing file matters - last rule in config file takes precedens over the first one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Order of rules within file matters - last rule in config file takes precedence over the first one
```

+

> - The way `+ignore+` field works:
> +

Reviewer: Let's call out this behavior, too:
```suggestion
- The way `+ignore+` field works:
+
. By default, files that begin with a `.` are ignored, while all other files are included.
. The `.ignore` field overrides this, if present.
```

. If a directory is ignored, file and directories within it cannot be un-ignored.

> . A file can be ignored and un-ignored many times, as long as it's parent directory hasn't been ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A file can be ignored and un-ignored many times, as long as any of its parent directories haven't been ignored.
```

= UNRELEASED

== Dependencies

=== Updated `+agent-rs+` to 0.20.0
=== Updated `+candid+` to 0.7.15

== DFX

=== feat: support for configuring assets in assets canister

> - The `+.ic-assets.json+` file should be placed inside directory with assets, or it's subdirectories. Multiple config files can be used (nested in subdirectories). Example of `.ic-assets.json` file format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `+.ic-assets.json+` file should be placed inside directory with assets, or its subdirectories. Multiple config files can be used (nested in subdirectories). Example of `.ic-assets.json` file format:
```
